docsp-31720 - remove deprecated helpers (#729)
mongodb/docs-node: source/whats-new.txt

* :ref:`Version 3.7 <version-3.7>`
* :ref:`Version 3.6 <version-3.6>`

.. _version-6.0:

What's New in 6.0
-----------------

The {+driver-short+} v6.0 release includes the following features:

> - This release removes support for the ``addUser()`` helper command. Use the

Reviewer: Suggestion:

Even though "helper command" might be a valid way to describe it, I think it might be easier to understand and not require additional explanation if called a "method". 
Also, I wonder whether "this release" might be repetitive since it's already introduced by the text preceding the list:

```suggestion
- Removes support for the ``addUser()`` method. Use the
```

This might apply to Breaking Changes update too.

>   :manual:`createUser</reference/command/createUser>` command instead.

Reviewer: Suggestion:

I think it could be helpful to provide information that the command the user should use is not a Node.js one. 

```suggestion
  :manual:`createUser </reference/command/createUser>` MongoDB Shell command instead.
```

> - This release removes support for the ``collStats`` helper command. Use the

Reviewer: Question:

I'm not sure what a "helper command" is. Would "operation" be a better description? I see that it's called "operation" in the [related PR](https://github.com/mongodb/node-mongodb-native/pull/3638).

I think it would probably be good to differentiate from addUser() since I think that's a method you can call from a [database](https://mongodb.github.io/node-mongodb-native/5.4/classes/Db.html#addUser) or [Admin](https://mongodb.github.io/node-mongodb-native/5.4/classes/Admin.html#addUser) instance.

I see that it's also mentioned in the admonition for 5.4, so if you change it, it would need to be updated there too.

Author: will change admonition in a separate ticket to avoid backporting issues
